RED ARMILLARY SASH
AGENT FROM ABOVE
KARMA
You're Ho Chun-lai's ghosts, aren't you?
Excuse me. Does it hurt?
Let me introduce myself.
My name's Hsiao-ming. I'm a ghost too.
When I was alive,
I was into anime and gaming.
You've been put under a spell.
I can lift it and set you free.
But first you must tell me
what Ho Chun-lai is up to.
His Majesty threatened Uncle Chen--
When His Majesty arrives,
he'll devour you.
He'll rip out your heart and eat it!
His Majesty, you mean the Demon King?
Your uncle is Chen Chi-sha?
Rip out your heart and eat it!
The spell is lifted.
Don't let me see you again.
They left?
Didn't you want to pursue them? Go on.
They're ghosts. They scare me.
-You're a ghost too.
-But not like that.
They're not right in the head.
I should keep my options open.
DONGFENG MARKET
Rarely do true friends meet at all
Like rising stars as others fall
-I'm back.
-Hey, long night?
Chieh.
Why'd you bring that back?
You can see me?
They've all had their third eye opened.
Everyone can see you.
So behave yourself.
-Oh.
-Hey, old guard.
-I'll leave him with you.
-Sure.
Hello.
-You're new here?
-Yes.
I'll show you around the place later.
Okay. So, do you have the internet here?
Yes. Fiber optic.
Why're you here?
It's almost 11, get inside.
Han Chieh.
I talked to my dad earlier.
He cried and asked me to forgive him.
He said they stopped loving each other
a long time ago.
They're planning on getting a divorce.
Han Chieh.
What's wrong?
Stay back.
FENGYUAN TEMPLE
Dad!
Mom!
Just give me a break.
Can't help yourself, can you?
What do you want?
I've come to give you some good news.
I shouldn't be telling you this.
The winning lotto numbers?
That girl you care about
is being reincarnated today.
Don't say I never help you out.
You were there for her
in her darkest hour.
She died in peace.
It's time to let her go.
Promise me.
After I die,
carry on with your life, okay?
Don't worry.
When you're reborn, I'll find you.
How could you possibly find me?
I won't remember you,
and you won't recognize me.
I'll know it's you.
Why the sudden nice gesture?
Consider it a personal favor.
Don't let me down
with the rest of your tasks.
Why are you still here?
Han Chieh, you're awake?
I told my mom I'd be out
all night filming with the crew.
Han Chieh,
what happened to you last night?
It's a side effect of using the milk caps.
You work hard for the Third Crown Prince.
Why would there be side effects?
He kept me alive
to be his agent from above
so I could atone for my sins.
He needs to keep a tight rein on me,
or he could lose face.
All right.
Where's that lousy geek?
Hi.
Did you sleep well last night?
Fuck.
Can't you knock first?
It's not a bad setup,
but the soundproofing isn't great.
All of these houses have dark histories.
The feng shui here
is just perfect for ghosts.
I could put my computer desk here…
Then my bed… one step, two steps…
I'll burn all this stuff for you
when I have time.
Thank you.
But I don't want anything too old
or a mattress that's too soft.
Oh, never mind. I'll message you later.
I asked my mom.
She did pay that feng shui master
to save her marriage.
But she didn't know he'd cause any harm.
She won't contact him again.
But how did she find him?
She said a friend introduced them.
They always met at a cafe
and she doesn't know his real name.
Chieh brings lost ghosts
like you back here from time to time.
Some only stay for a bit.
Some stay and like it here.
Then they never leave.
I see. What about lady ghosts?
Behave yourself.
Han Chieh, what are your plans for him?
He has nowhere to go
and there are plenty of rooms here.
He can take his pick.
Lots of lady ghosts live here too.
If he behaves, I'll set him up with one.
I thought you
were going to beat him out of existence.
He's an idiot, but he's not evil.
I wasn't told to kill all ghosts.
That's not my thing.
Let's go.
Han Chieh, what's your task today?
What kind of ghost is it?
God knows why I let you tag along.
Because you're a good guy.
You can't bear the thought
of me dying alone.
So you let me have some fun,
even if I'm a drag.
Quit going on about death.
Also, we're not here to have fun.
Got it.
Well done.
Time to go home. Was that fun?
I opened their third eyes for now.
Tonight, I need to take care
of two ghosts that are bothering them.
These two ghosts are completely obsessed.
It'll take some doing.
Son.
You hired another master to deal with us?
Look, we really need to talk.
These two women were childless,
so they treated their nephew like a son.
He then let them
be like grandmothers to his own son Chih.
You should study Chinese. Forget English.
They couldn't part with Chih,
so stayed here after they died.
Soon, they became too overbearing
and things got out of hand.
They'd appear in the parents' dreams
with new instructions each night.
But the two ladies often disagreed
and would even argue
in the middle of the night.
The family have had enough.
The foot of the bed
shouldn't face the door.
Did you help him study?
Why haven't you moved it?
Ladies.
You always disagree.
Who should he listen to?
Me, of course. I'm the eldest.
Nope. I majored in education.
He should listen to me.
He should listen to his parents.
Nonsense. We always
listened to our grandparents.
Right, they know best.
Young couples
have their own ideas on parenting.
How's the kid supposed to sleep?
How's he ever gonna grow up?
Ghosts shorten a human's lifespan
if they get too close.
I majored in science.
No one believes those ghost stories.
-Sis.
-Yes?
-We're literally ghosts now.
-Oh.
Then…
If a ghost gets anywhere near Chih,
I'll chase it off.
Actually, I understand how you feel.
And who are you?
Do you have kids?
-Adults are speaking, keep quiet.
-Such poor manners.
Bet she's the type
who doesn't give up her seat on the bus.
-Right.
-Shocking manners.
Listen, I'm really thankful to you both.
But this just can't go on.
Feng is pregnant with our second child,
and Chih will start school soon.
We just want to live ordinary lives.
Thank you for your kindness,
but we just can't take it anymore.
Chih won…
You reek! Come here.
All right…
Big hug.
Please leave us be.
Han Chieh.
-Is that done now?
-Stay close.
This is what you get for meddling.
Let's go.
We have nowhere to go now because of you!
Where you gonna run to now?
Han Chieh, weren't we just here?
Fuck, we're going around in circles.
You heartless monsters!
You've torn our family apart.
Who'll take care of Chih with us gone?
You're long gone.
Don't listen to him!
-Let's break his legs!
-Teach him a lesson!
GOLDEN BRICK
You already turned our son against us.
Now you want to kill us!
Do you even know
what respecting your elders means?
Humans must live by laws
and so must ghosts.
Even as ghosts,
you have to follow the rules.
No one ever taught us how to be ghosts.
That's why my boss
asked me to talk to you.
But if I can't get through to you…
you might never see the kid again.
I died with so much left undone.
It's just not fair!
Life is so cruel.
Ladies,
they say that a person's consciousness
pauses the moment they die.
Perhaps that's why you haven't realized
that what you're doing
is actually hurting Chih.
Ladies.
It's hard to find peace in death
if you fixate on the physical world.
It's time to let go.
Easy for you to say now. But you'll change
your tune when you're our age.
Let go?
Can you let go of the one you love?
Ladies.
If you want a son or grandson,
just find someone else.
You can care for him instead.
Think we can just replace him?
It's not like adopting a stray.
Where can we find a new grandson?
I know this guy.
He's 30, but still acts like a child.
-And he's not afraid of ghosts.
-You know someone like that?
Han Chieh, I'm not sure
we're on the same page here…
Why does he look like that?
He looks weird.
Mr. Han, didn't you say
there were lots of kids here?
Why've you taken us to see this weirdo?
He's not that bad. You can be friends.
Get to know your neighbors.
There are lots of kids about.
You're so full of it.
If it wasn't for him up above,
I wouldn't give you the time of day.
This place is a pigsty.
It's just asking for trouble.
What's going on?
Do me a favor. Be a good grandson.
-It's filthy.
-Get on their good side.
-At least we're still together…
-I'll buy you a new computer.
You, over there.
Turn around. What's your name?
Hello, ladies.
I'm Wang Hsiao-ming.
How can I be of service?
Boss, that's Chen Chi-sha over there.
Creepy old fraudster.
Master Chen.
About that incident
with the Chinghua and Wutung clans.
Whenever you're involved,
lots of people end up dead.
Do you really think it's good
when the police get involved?
Why wouldn't it be?
Mr. Liu wants to inform you
that the next target is the Heilung Clan.
He'd prefer it done quietly.
Go tell Mr. Liu
to come in person
next time he wants to talk to me.
Boss, are you okay?
-Let's go.
-Come on.
Hurry!
WUMENG OCCULTIST COLLUDES WITH TRIADS
WUMENG OCCULTIST REFINES HELLSPAWN
DEMON KING ENTICES MAN
His Majesty threatened Uncle Chen--
His Majesty, you mean the Demon King?
Your uncle is Chen Chi-sha?
DRUNKARD DIES AND SEEKS REVENGE
I looked into Ho Chun-lai.
His background is fake.
I've met Ho Chun-lai.
It couldn't be him.
Chen Chi-sha is probably
the one behind all this.
Chen Chi-sha?
Didn't you say he was bad news?
He is.
But the real one to watch out for
is his boss, the Demon King.
He runs things down in hell.
Five years ago, he enticed Chen Chi-sha
into trying to summon him back.
Demon King?
What is Chen Chi-sha up to?
Since the Third Crown Prince defeated him,
he's been sealed away in hell.
If he wants to return to the Human Realm,
a human must help summon him,
remove the seal and become his agent.
The scent of the Human Realm.
I've really missed it.
Know your place, mortal.
Do you even realize who I am?
The most insufferable maggot down there.
Do me a favor and fuck off back to hell.
If you dare get in my way,
I'll drag you down to hell with me.
NINE DRAGONS DIVINE FIRE BARRIER
You little punk.
I won't forget you.
You got lucky this time.
But there will always be people
in this world
willing to summon him
for their own selfish ends.
-Next time--
-Won't be a next time.
Chen Chi-sha promised me
he'd give up that life
and never practice the dark arts again.
But now he's secretly
stirring things up again.
If the Demon King's planning a comeback,
he'll probably give Chen Chi-sha
even more power this time.
I'm retiring soon.
Are you trying to get me killed?
Don't scare my bird.
Whose fault is this? If you'd killed him,
none of this would've happened.
I'm a Buddhist disciple.
Killing's not good for my karma.
The Third Crown Prince?
Your third eye is too weak to see him.
-He's here?
-No.
It's a psychic connection.
He can't appear in true form.
You guys chat. I'll leave you to it.
Wait up. I want to report my boss
for bullying at work.
He makes me do overtime
with zero benefits.
File a report with the Ministry of Labor,
not the police.
I already sent Javvy to warn you.
You're just too slow to get it.
The Demon King
wants to enter the Human Realm again
before your tasks are complete
and your successor takes over.
So I'm leaving this in your hands.
Shit. Can't you do it yourself?
Kid, why bother recruiting you
if I have to do everything myself?
Boss, just recruit someone else.
Like this guy.
He's a competent policeman
who fights for justice.
-The perfect candidate.
-No thanks, I'm good.
He's not a fan of mine. He worships Guan.
Come on, worship the Third Crown Prince.
He's right here. Prove you're a devotee.
Me? I worship Lord Guan at work.
As well as Xuanwu, the God of Wealth,
the Earth God and Yue Lao.
I even go on Mazu pilgrimages.
I'm devoted enough already.
Cut the crap.
Just get on with your task
and be done with it.
And what if I don't?
Afraid of losing? Or scared of dying?
Neither. You just piss me off.
That's better.
That's my agent from above.
Naturally rebellious.
Don't say I didn't warn you
when the shit hits the fan.
WUMENG OCCULTIST REFINES HELLSPAWN
DEMON KING ENTICES MAN
You're back? Good work.
Curses lifted?
Was it Han Chieh?
Calm down.
Can't we talk it out--
You used us to threaten our uncle.
Only your death will free him.
I really envy Master Chen.
Having two such beautiful
and loving relatives.
He's so lucky.
A word of advice.
Humans shouldn't let emotions rule them.
Nor should ghosts.
You know what to do next, don't you?
ASCENT TO HEAVEN
Mr. Liu offers you this tea,
as a parting gift.
Fuck!
Fuck! What the hell?
Han Chieh took the bait.
Chen Chi-sha only failed to summon me
last time because of him,
the Third Crown Prince's agent from above.
Rest assured.
I'll do a better job than him.
You can count on me.
If this plan works out,
my demonic power will increase again.
And you'll get everything you wanted.